---
title: 'JConf Colombia 2021'
media_order: 1ef3223053e88acb4cb90bbbbae5f8a2.java-Duke.jpg
published: true
date: '27-10-2020 12:12'
taxonomy:
    category:
        - blog
    tag:
        - Java
        - Event
        - Conference
hide_git_sync_repo_link: false
visible: false
blog_url: /blog
show_sidebar: true
show_breadcrumbs: true
show_pagination: true
hide_from_post_list: false
feed:
    limit: 10
twitterenable: false
twittercardoptions: summary
articleenabled: false
musiceventenabled: false
orgaenabled: false
orga:
    ratingValue: 2.5
orgaratingenabled: false
eventenabled: false
personenabled: false
musicalbumenabled: false
productenabled: false
product:
    ratingValue: 2.5
restaurantenabled: false
restaurant:
    acceptsReservations: 'yes'
    priceRange: $
facebookenable: false
---

JConf Colombia is a non-profit conference on Java Technologies organized by the users and the developer communities of the country. It has been designed to help users, developers, entrepreneurs and companies to learn about the new technologies related to Java, Containers and the Cloud.